# Undergraduate Research Project In Astronomy
Undergraduate Research Project in Astronomy With Dr. Jennifer West &amp; Jessica Campbell \
Project Title: WHAT LOCAL MAGNETIC FIELDS CAN TEACH US ABOUT A POSSIBLE SUPERNOVA REMNANT (G182.5-4.0) \
\
This project focuses on classifying a currently unknown object which we refer to as G182.5-4.0. From current studies, it is believed that this object falls into one of two categories; an old supernova remnant in an unusual environment, or filaments in the interstellar medium produced by one or more supernova remnants which have retained their shape due to an interstellar magnetic field. We say that the object is a possible supernova remnant because of its highly unusual shape which does not comply with any current and commonly known geometries of supernova remnants. We believe that the unusual shape is connected and can be explained from the properties of the interstellar magnetic field which is suspected to permeate the object, and also the surrounding neutral hydrogen fibers. In this project, two algorithms known as the Rolling Hough Transform (RHT) and Rotation Measure (RM) Synthesis are used. The RHT and RM-Synthesis are able to provide connections between the orientation of the object and the magnetic field in distinct mediums. This way, it is possible to study any connections between these orientations through two different methods. To display these results, orientation maps in the form of polar plots and a line integral convolution map have been generated. From these orientation maps, a strong connection between the shape of G182.5-4.0 and the direction interstellar magnetic field at the orientation angle of 101 degrees with respect to the polar plot coordinate axes has been made. Therefore, there is strong evidence that this interstellar magnetic field has played a vital role in determining the structure of G182.5-4.0.
